AddImage:
t!addimage Add an image for the bot to directly upload
Admin:
t!addrole Add a role to a user.
t!announce Announce a message to all servers the bot is in.
t!editrole Edit role settings.
t!removerole Remove a role from a user.
t!selfrole Add a role to yourself.
t!serverlock Lock a bot to its current servers only.
Alias:
t!alias Manage command aliases.
Animal:
t!cat Shows a cat
t!cats Throws a cat bomb!
t!dog Shows a dog
t!dogs Throws a dog bomb!
t!fox Shows a fox
t!foxes Throws a fox bomb!
t!pug Shows a pug
t!pugs Throws a pugs bomb!
AnnounceDaily:
t!announcedaily Base command for managing AnnounceDaily settings
t!runannounce Manually run the daily announcement
Audio:
t!audioset Music configuration options.
t!audiostats Audio stats.
t!bump Bump a track number to the top of the queue.
t!disconnect Disconnect from the voice channel.
t!llsetup Lavalink server configuration options.
t!local Local playback commands.
t!now Now playing.
t!pause Pause and resume.
t!percent Queue percentage.
t!play Play a URL or search for a track.
t!playlist Playlist configuration options.
t!prev Skip to the start of the previously played track.
t!queue List the queue.
t!remove Remove a specific track number from the queue.
t!repeat Toggle repeat.
t!search Pick a track with a search.
t!seek Seek ahead or behind on a track by seconds.
t!shuffle Toggle shuffle.
t!sing Make Red sing one of her songs
t!skip Skip to the next track.
t!stop Stop playback and clear the queue.
t!volume Set the volume, 1% - 150%.
Autorole:
t!autorole Change settings for autorole
Away:
t!away Tell the bot you're away or back.
t!awaysettings View your current away settings
t!dnd Set an automatic reply when you're dnd.
t!gaming Set an automatic reply when you're playing a specified game.
t!idle Set an automatic reply when you're idle.
t!listening Set an automatic reply when you're listening to Spotify.
t!offline Set an automatic reply when you're offline.
t!streaming Set an automatic reply when you're streaming.
t!toggleaway Toggle away messages on the whole server.
Badges:
t!badges Creates a fun fake badge based on your discord profile
t!gbadges Creates a fun fake gif badge based on your discord profile
t!listbadges List the available badges that can be created
Bank:
t!bankset Base command for bank settings.
Battleship:
t!battleship Start a game of battleship.
t!battleshipset Config options for batteship.
t!battleshipstop Stop the game of battleship in this channel.
Birthdays:
t!bday Birthday settings
Blurplefy:
t!blurple Check a user or uploaded image for blurple content.
t!blurplefy Blurplefy a user or uploaded image.
t!blurplerole Toggle a role award for having a blurple profile picture.
t!blurpleroleset Sets the role to award if blurplerole is on.
t!countdown Countdown to Discord's 4th Anniversary.

CCRole:
t!ccrole Custom commands management with roles
Casino:
t!allin Bets all your currency for a chance to win big!
t!blackjack Play a game of blackjack.
t!casino Interacts with the Casino system.
t!casinoset Changes Casino settings
t!coin Coin flip game with a 50/50 chance to win.
t!craps Plays a modified version of craps
t!cups Guess which cup of three is hiding the coin.
t!dice Roll a set of dice and win on 2, 7, 11, 12.
t!double Play a game of Double Or Nothing.
t!hilo Pick high, low, or 7 in a dice rolling game.
t!war Play a modified game of war.
CatFact:
t!catfact Gets a random cat fact.
Chatchart:
t!chatchart Generates a pie chart, representing the last 5000 messages in the specified channel.
Cleanup:
t!cleanup Delete messages.
CogManagerUI:
t!addpath Add a path to the list of available cog paths.
t!cogs Lists all loaded and available cogs.
t!installpath Returns the current install path or sets it if one is provided.
t!paths Lists current cog paths in order of priority.
t!removepath Removes a path from the available cog paths given the path_number
t!reorderpath Reorders paths internally to allow discovery of different cogs.
Core:
t!autoimmune Server settings for immunity from automated actions
t!backup Creates a backup of all data for the instance.
t!blacklist blacklist management commands.
t!command Manage the bot's commands.
t!contact Sends a message to the owner
t!dm Sends a DM to a user
t!embedset Commands for toggling embeds on or off.
t!helpset Manage settings for the help command.
t!info Shows info about Red
t!invite Show's Red's invite url
t!leave Leaves server
t!listlocales Lists all available locales
t!load Loads packages
t!localblacklist blacklist management commands.
t!localwhitelist Whitelist management commands.
t!reload Reloads packages
t!restart Attempts to restart Red
t!servers Lists and allows to leave servers
t!set Changes Red's settings
t!shutdown Shuts down the bot
t!traceback Sends to the owner the last command exception that has occurred
Core: (continued)
t!unload Unloads packages
t!uptime Shows Red's uptime
t!whitelist Whitelist management commands.
CustomCommands:
t!customcom Custom commands management.
Dad:
t!dad Dad joke superhub
t!dadjoke
Downloader:
t!cog Cog installation management commands.
t!findcog Find which cog a command comes from.
t!pipinstall Install a group of dependencies using pip.
t!repo Repo management commands.
Economy:
t!bank Manage the bank.
t!economyset Manage Economy settings.
t!leaderboard Print the leaderboard.
t!payday Get some free currency.
t!payouts Show the payouts for the slot machine.
t!slot Use the slot machine.
Elements:
t!element Display information about an element
t!elements Display information about multiple elements
t!ptable Display a menu of all elements

EmojiReactions:
t!emojireact Automatically react to messages with emojis in them with the emoji
Encoding:
t!decode Decode a string.
t!encode Encode a string.
t!hash MD5 Encrypt Text
ExtendedModLog:
t!modlogtoggles Toggle various extended modlog notifications
Filter:
t!filter Add or remove words from server filter.
t!filterset Manage filter settings.
Flag:
t!allflag Lists all flags for the server
t!clearallflag Clears all flags for all members in this server
t!clearflag Clears flags for a member
t!flag Flag a member
t!flagset My custom cog
t!listflag Lists flags for a member
Fun:
t!oof react :o2::regional_indicator_o::regional_indicator_f: to a message
t!react Add letter(s) as reaction to previous message.
t!regional Replace letters with regional indicator emojis
t!space Add n spaces between each letter. Ex: [p]space 2 thicc
t!textflip Flip given text.
t!vowelreplace Replaces all vowels in a word with a letter
General:
t!8 Ask 8 ball a question.
t!choose Choose between multiple options.
t!flip Flip a coin... or a user.
t!lmgtfy Create a lmgtfy link.
t!roll Roll a random number.
t!rps Play Rock Paper Scissors.
t!stopwatch Start or stop the stopwatch.
t!urban Search the Urban Dictionary.
Hangman:
t!hangman Play hangman with the bot.
t!hangmanset Config options for hangman.
Inspirobot:
t!inspireme Fetch a random "inspirational message" from the bot.
Insult:
t!insult Insult the user
LastSeen:
t!lseen Just says the time the user was last seen
t!lseenset Change settings for lseen
Leveler:
t!levelerset Configuration commands.
t!profile Show your leveler progress. Default to yourself.
t!profileset Change settings of your profile.
t!register Allow you to start earning experience !
t!toplevel Show the server leaderboard !
LoveCalculator:
t!lovecalculator Calculate the love percentage!
MassDM:
t!massdm Sends a DM to all Members with the given Role.
Mod:
t!ban Ban a user from this server.
t!hackban Pre-emptively ban a user from this server.
t!ignore Add servers or channels to the ignore list.
t!kick Kick a user.
t!modset Manage server administration settings.
t!mute Mute users.
t!names Show previous names and nicknames of a user.
t!rename Change a user's nickname.
t!softban Kick a user and delete 1 day's worth of their messages.
t!tempban Temporarily ban a user from this server.
t!unban Unban a user from this server.
t!unignore Remove servers or channels from the ignore list.
t!unmute Unmute users.
t!userinfo Show information about a user.
t!voiceban Ban a user from speaking and listening in the server's voice channels.
t!voiceunban Unban a user from speaking and listening in the server's voice channels.
ModLog:
t!case Show the specified case.
t!modlogset Manage modlog settings.
t!reason Specify a reason for a modlog case.
Otherbot:
t!otherbot Otherbot configuration options.
PDA:
t!pat Pat users.
Pingtime:
t!pingtime Ping pong.

Pokedex:
t!pokedex Search for information on a Pokémon
t!pokemon This is the list of Pokémon queries you can perform.
RPSLS:
t!rpsls Play Rock Paper Scissors Lizard Spock by Sam Kass in Discord!
Race:
t!race Race related commands.
t!setrace Race settings commands
Raffle:
t!raffle Raffle group command
t!setraffle Set Raffle group command
ReTrigger:
t!retrigger Setup automatic triggers based on regular expressions
Reminder:
t!remind Remind yourself of something in a specific amount of time
Reports:
t!report Send a report.
t!reportset Manage Reports.
RussianRoulette:
t!russian Start or join a game of russian roulette.
t!russianversion
t!setrussian Russian Roulette Settings group.
Seen:
t!seen Shows last time a user was seen in chat
ServerInfo:
t!serverinfo Show server information.
ServerStats:
t!avatar Display a users avatar in chat
t!channelstats Gets total messages in a specific channel as well as the user who
t!emoji Post a large size emojis in chat
t!getguild Display info about servers the bot is on
t!getreactions Gets a list of all reactions from specified message and displays the user ID,
t!getroles Displays all roles their ID and number of members in order of
t!guildedit Edit various guild settings
t!guildemojis Display all server emojis in a menu that can be scrolled through
t!listchannels Lists channels and their position and ID for a server
t!nummembers Display number of users on a server
t!pruneroles Perform various actions on users who haven't spoken in x days
t!removeguildjoin Stop bots join/leave server messages
t!serverstats Gets total messages on the server and displays each channel 
t!setguildjoin Set a channel to see new servers the bot is joining
ServerStats: (continued)
t!slowmode Set a channels slowmode setting
t!topic Sets a specified channels topic
t!topmembers Lists top members on the server by join date
Shop:
t!inventory Displays your purchased items.
t!setshop Shop Settings group command
t!shop Shop group command
StealEmoji:
t!stealemoji Base command for this cog. Check help for the commands list.
StickyRoles:
t!stickyroles Adds / removes roles to be reapplied on join
Trivia:
t!trivia Start trivia session on the specified category.
t!triviaset Manage Trivia settings.
Warnings:
t!actionlist List all configured automated actions for Warnings.
t!reasonlist List all configured reasons for Warnings.
t!unwarn Remove a warning from a user.
t!warn Warn the user for the specified reason.
t!warnaction Manage automated actions for Warnings.
t!warnings List the warnings for the specified user.
t!warningset Manage settings for Warnings.
t!warnreason Manage warning reasons.
Weather:
t!weather Display weather in a given location
t!weatherset Set user or guild default units
Welcome:
t!welcomeset Sets welcome module settings
WelcomeCount:
t!wcount Manage settings for WelcomeCount.
WordStats:
t!topchatters Prints the members who have said the most words.
t!wordstats Prints the most commonly used words.
t!wordstatsset Config options for wordstats.
